Overhaul: Intro chapter (#183)
esp-rs/book: src/introduction/hal-design-philosophy.md

# HAL Design Philosophy

> 

Author: Any other topics that should be covered here?

Author: I was not sure if that belongs here or in the advanced section (?)

The HAL was designed based on some reccomended pattern and rules that are documented in several doccuments:
- [`esp-hal` developers' guidelines][guidelines]

> - [The Embeeded Rust Book - HAL Design Patterns][embedded-rust-patterns]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Embedded Rust Book - HAL Design Patterns][embedded-rust-patterns]
```

# HAL Design Philosophy

The HAL was designed based on some recommended patterns and rules that are described in several documents:
- [`esp-hal` developers' guidelines][guidelines]
- [The Embedded Rust Book - HAL Design Patterns][embedded-rust-patterns]

[guidelines]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/blob/main/documentation/DEVELOPER-GUIDELINES.md
[embedded-rust-patterns]: https://docs.rust-embedded.org/book/design-patterns/hal/index.html

> The HAL implements both blocking and asynchronous APIs for the supported peripherals. When applicable, drivers implement the [`embedded-hal`][embedded-hal] and [`embedded-hal-async`][embedded-hal-async] traits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HAL implements blocking APIs for all peripherals, and asynchronous APIs for the peripherals which support asynchronous operation. When applicable, drivers implement the [`embedded-hal`][embedded-hal] and [`embedded-hal-async`][embedded-hal-async] traits.
```

My suggestion is a bit repetitive I guess, but this could use a bit of clarification IMO. "Supported peripherals" is not very clear to me, is this referring to the drivers or the hardware itself?

## `Peripheral` Pattern

> `esp-hal` drivers take pins and peripherals as `peripheral::Peripheral` in most circumstances. This means you can pass the pin/peripheral or a mutable reference to the pin/peripheral.

Author: Wanted to add a link to https://docs.espressif.com/projects/rust/esp-hal/1.0.0-beta.0/esp32c6/esp_hal/index.html#peripheral-pattern but https://docs.espressif.com/projects/rust/esp-hal/latest/esp32c6/esp_hal/index.html#peripheral-pattern doesn't work

Reviewer 3: Probably there is a way (with some JavaScript?) to make it work with the generated `latest/index.html` thing - in this case we could just duplicate the two sentences since they probably won't change and it not much - but in general would be certainly good if that would work

Reviewer 2: > Wanted to add a link to https://docs.espressif.com/projects/rust/esp-hal/1.0.0-beta.0/esp32c6/esp_hal/index.html#peripheral-pattern but https://docs.espressif.com/projects/rust/esp-hal/latest/esp32c6/esp_hal/index.html#peripheral-pattern doesn't work

We never re-deployed the documentation after the related changes so this shouldn't be expected to work.
